[ Grieg's "Morning Mood" plays ]
[ Birds chirping ]
Don't you love
a surprise summer rain?
Lets you see
the city clearly
for the first time
in months.
Ahh, and that smell.
Oh. [ Sniffs ]
That smell that
reminds you of growing up.
Petrichor.
[ Music stops ]
Excuse me?
The oil coating the plants
released into the air
through precipitation.
It's the aroma.
It's called petrichor.
What's wrong with "fresh"?
Mike, we've -- we've got
to stop naming things.
Give the earth back
some of its mystery.
[ Police radio chatter ]
♪♪
Nice of you
to show up, Julio.
Sir. What's up?
No body?
There is, but this one
goes away in buckets.
The victim was burned
and chopped up?
Well, probably
not in that order.
So far, we only have
enough for one body.
You ever see this?
Mnh-mnh.
I've seen them chopped,
I've seen them burned, but both?
Pieces big enough
to help identify --
Excuse me, Julio.
At the risk of
respecting tradition,
procedure, and command,
why are we briefing you?
You're late.
I'm sorry, sir.
Children's Services
stopped by my house unannounced.
Home study.
Well, what happened?
Oh, they met my mother.
[ Sniffs ]
Hey, Tao.
-Yeah?
Was there
an accelerant used?
Lighter fluid, maybe.
But it looks like people
might've grilled here.
We've already covered that
a half-hour ago,
before you were late.
Kendall, you get anything
from this mess?
I mean, we'll know better
once we sift through
it under a microscope,
but I'd say the victim
was cut up.
Ragged edges on these bones.
Chain or buzz saw.
Uh, hey, speaking
of buzz saws, Julio,
DCFS interviewed your mom,
and that was okay.
Well, she decided to speak
English, which was good,
and she didn't say that I once
tried to kill her nurse.
Who found the body?
That'd be the Nunez family --
Isaac, the youngest.
It's his birthday.
His parents almost
cancelled his party
after the rain, but it let up,
and here they are.
It's a story
as old as time.
Family goes on a picnic,
rain uncovers bones in a grill,
kids see them, mom screams,
enter the police.
Julio.
Are you getting a kid
from foster care or what?
Well, before DCFS
can consider that,
they want to get background
on me from my co-workers,
so you guys might
have to lie a little.
I can lie a lot.
A little, I don't know.
Uh, I think
that's the skull.
I think you're right.
Police officers see things
of a gruesome nature every day.
It's part of the job --
ordinary.
Chopped and burned bodies
don't seem everyday to me.
Cynthia,
I'm a bit confused.
I thought this was supposed
to be a general discussion
of Julio's fitness
as a potential foster parent.
It was until I learned
about his behavior
at the end of last week's
homicide investigation.
That's created
some new questions,
and now I need answers.
Look. I've known
Julio [chuckles] a long time.
And in spite
of what happened last week,
I can assure you, he's put
his anger issues behind him.
What anger issues?
Does the L.A.P.D. think this
action is part of a pattern?
Is that why Detective Sanchez
is under review?
I'll tell you
what I think.
I think Detective Sanchez
is one of the best
police officers
I've ever known,
and the review
of his actions last week
will end up
supporting my judgment.
Then why not
answer my question?
Which was, is the manner
in which Detective Sanchez
ended last week's
investigation
part of his reaction to the
gruesome nature of the murder?
-Found a thumb!
-You got it close, Buzz?
Oh, my gosh.
Yes.
Can we get
a fingerprint off that?
If our victim's
even in the system.
Well, cut up and burnt --
smart money says
he's in the system.
Ah, don't you just love it
when we have to figure out
who the victim is
before we can even
begin to figure out
who the killer is?
I hesitate to ask this,
Kendall -- Time of death?
[ Chuckles ] I could give you
the temperature, but time?
Given the sediment
on the bones,
some time
in the last eight weeks.
Eight weeks? Do you really
think people were cooking
on this barbecue without
realizing what was there?
Not what, whom.
Over whom were people cooking?
I don't have a lot to go on,
but given the size and arc
of the ribs, it's highly likely
your victim is an adult.
Ruling out children.
So, if the victim
is from Los Angeles County,
you've narrowed down our
11-million-person victim pool
to 8 million.
I'd also guess he was male.
You're down to 4 million.
That's progress, isn't it?
Okay. [ Sighs ]
Kendall thinks the guy
was dismembered by a power saw.
He's half right.
Some cuts are consistent
with a chainsaw.
Others were made by a handsaw.
So two killers chopped up
the body together.
Or one killer changed
methods halfway through.
However many cooks were at
the grill, they acted quickly.
Very little decomp before
the slicing and dicing began.
Cut up by multiple instruments,
moved, then burned.
Someone was being
very thorough.
That's an understatement.
When I see someone hacked up,
it's usually five pieces.
Six, maybe.
So far, we've catalogued 58.
Seems personal.
Somebody really didn't want
this guy identified, ma'am.
Well, maybe they'll succeed.
Any clues to cause of death?
Ah, that is the one thing
we know,
because the skull
is in one piece,
but there's a depression
in the right temple bone
deep enough
to have opened up
both external and internal
carotid arteries.
People don't usually plan out
skull fractures, ma'am.
It feels
heat of the moment.
Personal, again.
The key
to finding the killer
may be in the identity
of our victim.
We'll spring for the extra cash
for the DNA match.
Sorry.
Beat you to it.
Oh, good.
On the County, this time.
And the thumb --
I'll do what I can.
How Lieutenant Tao thinks
he could get a full print
from it,
I don't know, but yuck.
Flynn: Does Julio
still have anger issues?
Yeah, sure.
You don't just get therapy,
find the problem,
and then fix it forever.
Look at me.
I don't drink anymore, right,
but I'm still an alcoholic.
You don't change
who you are,
but you can change
where you're going,
and Julio's done that.
And you don't view his behavior
during last week's investigation
as a big step backward?
No, the reason
Julio behaved like he did,
at the end, was because of
everything we learned
about the killer
as we went along.
Julio's actions
had context,
and it all started
with that disgusting thumb.
Because it upset him?
What? No.
Morales was able to rehydrate
enough of that thumb
to get partials off it.
They're usually a dead-end,
but now we have
new software for that.
Tao: Referring to this as
new software sells it short.
It's not just software,
it's the very latest
in fingerprint analysis
that allows us to enhance
shallow ridges and grooves
that might've been worn down,
or, in this case,
damaged by heat.
Imagine blowing up an image
of a crack in the sidewalk
until it looks like
the grand canyon.
This is one of two
visible partials on the thumb.
And that's the other one.
But there are gaps
between the two partials
which contain a number
of key identifiers.
Until...
[ Beep ]
Now, this software,
if it works as it should...
[ Beeping ]
Ah, yeah. See?
It's filling in the gaps
between the partials
and extrapolating as much
of the full print as it can.
So, i-if this works,
we get what, an assumption?
Maybe more, actually.
I guess
we're about to see.
[ Beeps ]
Match found.
Oh, my gosh.
[ Laughs ] Holy crap.
[ Laughs ]
It actually worked.
[ Beep ]
There's a match
in our system.
Sharon: Adrian Silva.
Captain.
Hm?
Would this be enough to build
a case around a suspect?
No, but we can use it
to help identify our victim.
Adrian there got his prints
in the system after an arrest
for a 331 four years ago,
ma'am.
331, hosting
an illegal card game.
Charges dropped.
Makes sense.
Looks like Adrian's
a professional poker player.
I'm on his Facebook page.
How professional?
Yeah, that looks serious.
But he -- he might
not be our guy.
These are some photos
from his Instagram,
and Adrian was in Thailand --
Wow -- three days ago.
Look.
Update from last week.
"Gotta remember to take time
off, pocket your chips,
step away from
the table for a beat.
#Unplug."
Adrian's home
is in Mount Washington --
other side of town
from Kenneth Hahn Park.
Kenneth Hahn is one of those
parks that you only know about
if you live
in the neighborhood.
Well, our killer could,
but it's hard to see
how Adrian was in Thailand
and a barbecue at the same time.
Mike, is there
a margin of error here?
The print's just
an estimation, so yeah.
Look. The killer is crazy.
So what's to say this Adrian guy
didn't chop off his own thumb,
leave it with the victim
as he ran off to Asia?
We need to search
Adrian's house.
Flynn: Worst case here is
we knock on Mr. Silva's door,
we're wrong, he's not
chopped up and burned.
Best-case scenario --
he's missing a thumb.
♪♪
Sharon: Julio, that's enough!
That's enough!
Without saying anything
about his overall
day-to-day performance,
it's clear, isn't it,
that the way in which
Detective Sanchez ended
last week's investigation
broke with official
L.A.P.D. policy, right?
What's very clear is that
in an incredibly
difficult situation,
Julio did what
he thought was right.
You've done well
with Rusty.
[ Chuckles ]
When we found that boy,
he was like a feral cat.
He needed some of that energy,
I think, to survive.
But I would like to point out
here that when I took Rusty in,
you didn't interview
my division.
For one,
you already had kids.
I am a single parent
working homicide.
But, as captain, you do have
more control over your hours.
And, as you know, in this job,
the hours control you,
and as captain, I would be
sympathetic to Julio's needs.
I'm more concerned
with what he does
with his time here
than how he manages it at home.
Forget about policy.
In the incident
with the suspect,
you weren't present,
but from what you know,
did Sanchez make
the right choice?
I don't think
in that specific situation,
there is one right choice.
Flynn: All right, we got this
Adrian Silva guy's financials.
What took you so long
with the warrant, sir?
I had to explain
the new techniques we used
on the partials.
So they bought all that
print stuff Mike was telling us.
I know, right?
It felt like
"Badge of Justice" bullshit.
Hey.
But the feds
are using it, too.
10-1 odds -- Adrian is not
our chopped-up burnt guy.
I'll take that bet.
How about $100?
How about lunch?
I'm more comfortable
gambling pizzas.
[ Knock on door ]
L.A.P.D.! Open up!
L.A.P.D.!
All right.
Who feels like doing it
the hard way?
Julio, you or --
[ Metal clatters ]
[ Meows ]
Clear!
All right, Buzz.
You're up.
Why don't you start with this
little dining nook in there?
A big pile of food left
for kitty in the kitchen.
Maybe this Adrian guy
really did go to Thailand.
So who's been
binge shopping?
Shopping for what?
Well, a chainsaw, for one,
and whoever bought it,
splurged for next-day shipping.
Provenza: Ah, Adrian
orders chainsaws online.
Tao orders pizza.
Delivery's dated
three weeks ago.
Yeah, hard to believe
Adrian bought the chainsaw
that cut him up.
Well, I'll grab a DNA sample
to send to the morgue.
Tao:
Find me a good sample?
I'm telling you. This thing just
gets weirder and weirder.
Two days after
the chainsaw arrived,
Adrian ordered a handsaw.
Or the killer did.
Tao, got your
black light with you?
Mm.
What?
What do you got?
That look like it could have
been done with a chainsaw, sir?
Whew! Ooh.
I found
empty ice bags, Tao.
Right.
You kill Adrian,
you pack the tub with ice
to keep the body fresh,
and wait for the chainsaw.
Chainsaw arrives, and you start
to cut up the body.
There'd be
serious blowback.
[ Groans ]
It starts to get a little messy.
Yeah, so the next day,
you order goggles.
And it's still
too much blood.
So then you order
a handsaw.
Okay, the alert that Mike put
on Adrian's Facebook page
just went off.
Two minutes ago, he posted,
"Truly lucky to travel the world
and bank some new perspective."
Well, that's an issue,
because he's probably dead.
His finances are cleaned out,
his credit cards are maxed.
Those online purchases
were made over Adrian's laptop
with his credit cards,
but none of it's here.
Electronics, video games,
pricy clothes,
plus a $5,000 purchase
almost a month ago to, uh...
Social Public Service.
What the hell is that?
Let's imagine you're
an entertainer or an athlete,
and you're looking for
the kind of attention
that's gonna make you
a brand name,
a bankable celebrity.
So Social Public,
we come in, we help you get
your virtual identity
to float above the general din
of the marketplace.
Say you want to tweet, but you
don't know what to tweet,
or your Instagram's filled with,
uh, pictures of your dead pet.
We transform
your public profile
to something more passionate,
immediate, personal.
Oh, so it's PR.
The name makes it sound
more, like --
Important, because it is more
important in today's market.
What are you typing?
Well, this is about Adrian,
so I should send it
to him, right?
Yeah.
To see if he wants us
to post about it?
Until he doesn't make
the next billing period.
If SPS really is posting
for Adrian, that might explain
why his account
is still active after he's dead.
And this is why he paid you
$5,000 last month?
To decide what
was tweet-worthy?
Uh, did Adrian
get in trouble?
I thought he went to Thailand
for the right reasons,
but if he --
Ahh, never mind.
Look. What our clients do,
we're not liable for.
Why would you think Adrian
was up to anything?
Well, maybe because
we're sitting here
in a police station
answering questions about him.
Look. Adrian seems
like a good guy.
He's smart, disciplined,
great brand potential.
He's got that "Darth Silva"
thing behind that sweet smile,
but he's not our only client
who is a professional gambler,
and poker players tend
to swim in,
well, morally dubious
waters.
I'll say.
Cole: But if he did something
racist or homophobic
or, you know,
even with a minor,
we have the best
"I'm sorry" tweets ever.
Their services include
damage control?
Perfect apologies come with
our Gold Deluxe Package.
The L.A.P.D. should sign up.
And with our premium
multi-platform enhancer,
we agree to handle
all your media accounts --
Facebook, Instagram,
Twitter, Snapchat,
Periscope, Vine, Tumblr --
We get it, we get it.
And we also use capital
from the client to procure
more followers.
So Adrian isn't really posting,
and not that many people
are really following him.
That's interesting.
And we structure it
so that it sounds cool
or provocative
or share-worthy.
Look, can you tell us
what's going on here?
About as cool as you
and your assistant's
$400 sunglasses, I guess.
Seems like a good business.
We've been
extremely cooperative,
and this is really starting
to eat into my schedule.
Are we done?
We believe Adrian is missing
and possibly dead.
He's...
Really?
Provenza:
Mr. Pirig, are you saying
that in the last month,
all of Adrian's posts on --
on the Facebook,
the Twitter
were written by you?
No, um...not me.
Glen handles
Adrian's account.
But he's not missing.
Adrian's been sending me
loads of stuff
to post from Thailand.
He's been travelling.
Look.
10 minutes ago,
he e-mailed me three photos.
Lieutenant Tao,
can you ping where those
e-mails are coming from?
It'd be faster
if I had that iPad.
Go ahead.
Provenza: Did Adrian
ever tell you why
he wanted your company's
services?
No, but for
lots of poker players,
a big social-media presence
is more about
finding backers than fans.
-Backers?
-Backers.
Players don't always
gamble with their own money,
especially in tournaments.
Sounds like a great way
to run up a lot of debt.
If Adrian was being staked
by the wrong person...
But why kill a guy
and then try
to keep him alive
on the Internet?
I can't tell you for sure
that we have all of them
on file, but --
Well, we're gonna need
that list of backers.
And we'll take that iPad,
as well,
if you'll sign this
consent form.
Wait, wait, wait.
What do you need the iPad for?
Well, it's pretty simple,
really.
Once you have the I.P. address
from the mail server,
you just ping it into
your command prompt,
but the tricky part is
is finding out
which is the original
I.P. address and which is --
Am I losing you?
[ Chuckles ]
Sorry, but yeah.
What do you really
want to know?
Do you think Detective Sanchez
is capable
of caring for a child
while being
constantly challenged
by the darker parts of this job?
Right.
Speaking from
personal experience
and as a father
of three boys who, by the way,
love their Uncle Julio,
yes, he would be a great mentor
to any needy child.
Hmm.
Would you have taken the risk
Julio assumed last week?
No.
Can I just say I lost my father
when I was 11,
and I'd have been lucky to have
somebody like Julio step in.
Okay.
Let's say you're a child
who loses a father.
Julio fosters you,
then gets himself killed.
That's what I'm concerned about,
and I don't get the sense
from either of you,
or your colleagues,
that Julio's behavior
was surprising,
indicating it could
happen again.
When you say "behavior", are you
talking about his courage?
No, he's been
shot three times,
he's been suspended
for his anger issues,
he's discharged his weapon
more than anyone
in the division,
and he's been
placed under review.
So to me...
it looks less like bravery
and more like a death wish.
If Julio had a death wish,
he'd be dead by now.
I promise you.
Any more questions?
Who would kill Adrian
and then send a photo
to his publicity team?
I can't answer that,
but I can tell you
where they sent the photo from.
It looked like Thailand,
but it was only routed
through a server from Koh Samui.
The real point of origin...
Kotero Digital Solutions.
Huh.
Right here in Glendale.
Looks like it's a computer
security firm owned by --
Dino Kotero
and his wife, Kate.
They're two
of Adrian's backers,
and if I am not mistaken,
they were associates
of my ex-husband.
Well, we should find out
what kind of debt
Adrian ran up
with the Koteros.
Or what he may have done
to pay them back.
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
Lieutenant Provenza.
I was hoping to chat,
and I get the feeling
you've been avoiding me.
Obviously,
you can't take a hint.
Is something wrong with
every empty chair in this room?
Uh, before you ask me,
whether or not Julio Sanchez
gets a foster child
is none of my business.
Okay.
But I am completely against it.
You are?
It's already
causing problems.
Julio was late last week because
of your little home visit.
[ Scoffs ] What's next?
Well, I'll tell you.
He'll be running off
to the school.
He'll be going to
the doctor's office
in the middle of the day,
leaving us all here
holding the bag.
How many more kids
are you going to dump on us?
I thought you liked Rusty.
I do,
but that's the problem.
He is an enormous
emotional distraction.
You think Julio's priorities
will change?
Well, of course they will,
and he'll never
follow my example.
I have three boys,
two stepdaughters,
six grandkids.
My advice to all of them
is solve your own problems,
and then we'll say hello
at Father's Day, your birthdays,
and Christmas,
and look how happy I am.
Will Julio
make a great dad?
[ Chuckles ] Well,
we won't know that
until he gets
a teenager's first phone bill,
but we do know that
he'll be worried about things
other than his job.
In light of
his latest escapade,
maybe that wouldn't be
such a bad thing.
So I understand that
you were the only member
of the Major Crimes division
who was present for the incident
in which Detective --
First of all -- First of all,
what you call an incident,
we call last Saturday.
Did he violate your command?
Provenza:
Sanchez! Sanchez!
No, he did not
violate my command.
I made a suggestion
with which he disagreed.
What's the difference?
Great question.
Unfortunately,
it's under review,
and I can't talk to you
about police business.
Thank you.
That looks great.
It's just avocado toast.
Our victim has so many
social-media accounts,
I'm having trouble
keeping up with them.
Do you ever want
to do that kind of thing?
Put your whole life
online?
Oh, no, and I am so glad
that the D.A.'s office
wants me off of Facebook.
I mean, the idea
of someone from, like,
high school following me
or friending me
is just -- oh, my God.
There's a reason I didn't
keep in touch with
those people, you know?
Mm.
Gus posts everything,
like, "Look at this -- Look at
this lamb I just grilled."
"Look at these
heirloom carrots."
But he's trying to, uh --
to build a résumé
or whatever, so...
Well, apparently
there are companies
who make a business
of that.
Our victim hired one,
and it looks like it has worked.
He's gaining followers.
One could always post
a picture taken in Los Angeles
and say it was
from a visit to Thailand.
We can't see beyond
the photo's edge.
A virtual vacation
in a virtual life.
I bet Lieutenant Provenza
is just loving this case.
[ Bell dings ]
Provenza: Can we please
get this over with?
You know, it used to be, when
someone was dead in a barbecue,
they were dead in a barbecue,
not updating the Facebook
from beyond.
Mr. and Mrs. Kotero,
I'm Captain Sharon Raydor.
This is
Lieutenant Michael Tao.
Why have you taken
our computers, huh?
What is this?
We run
a cybersecurity business,
so, you know, our computers
are pretty important to us.
The sooner you answer
our questions,
the sooner
you go back to work.
How do you know
Adrian Silva?
Adrian?
Oh, w-we've known
him about four or five years.
Uh, we first met him
at that charity tournament.
Yeah, Think of the Children
Hi/Lo at the Morongo.
That's right.
He did not win, but, uh...
Yeah.
...he showed
a lot of promise. Why?
Is that when you
started backing him?
You also staked
my ex-husband several times.
That's how I know
about your side business.
Raydor. Yeah, I thought
you might be related to Jack.
It's a bit of an odd name,
Raydor.
Jack, he could've been
one of the best.
He was close several times.
Couldn't commit.
Tell me about it.
What if a player loses money
when you stake him?
Doesn't he have to
pay that back?
With what you call
makeups?
Does Adrian owe you money?
Oh, yeah.
Like 30 grand.
All those online purchases
made on Adrian's credit cards
might be these guys trying
to get back in the black.
-That's quite a bit.
-Not really.
We're not really
worried about it.
Adrian won three tournaments
this year.
All right, so he's down,
but we stake a lot of horses,
which reminds me,
we got to talk to that guy.
Yeah. I know.
And the other one about the --
Yeah, I know.
Him too.
These two are a match
made in Vegas.
Sharon:
What happens when someone
defaults on their makeup?
You mean somebody doesn't pay?
Who knows, you know?
You break your word,
maybe something else breaks.
I'm kidding.
We don't do violence,
but you do hear stories.
When was the last time
you spoke with Adrian?
That was a few weeks ago.
He had some tough beats lately.
He e-mailed me
that he needed to recharge.
He was gonna stay away
from tournament play.
Then help us
with something.
Why are messages from Adrian,
who is away, recharging,
pinging from a computer
at your cybersecurity business?
What?
We went through
your computers.
You have a bot sending
automatic e-mails and pictures
to Adrian's PR team.
Somebody must've hacked us,
installed the, uh,
what'd you call that?
A bot?
Yeah.
What kind of security company
you running, again?
Cyber. Computer stuff.
It's the best.
Yeah, maybe it's not, Dino.
It's the best, babe.
So what does
your cybersecurity do?
It defends against
viruses and spyware.
It warns against
risky websites.
Mm-hmm.
I-It safeguards transactions
and it prevents --
What do they call them? --
downloads.
Any over-the-counter
security software can do that.
Well --
Wait a minute.
Are you selling
over-the-counter
security software
as your own creation?
Look, first,
we customize it.
Yeah.
I mean, it's not like
we don't do nothing.
[ Beep ]
I knew it.
That recent photo of Adrian
sent from their computers --
not so recent.
Well, how old is it?
126 weeks.
Someone took an old post
of Adrian's, repurposed it,
and sent it to his
social-media team.
It's not even from Thailand.
It's one of six from Malibu.
He never left the country.
Pizzas for everybody.
Let's wait for the DNA.
Dino: And doctors and
lawyers and psychologists.
Yeah, we manage
all their upgrades, too.
You mean the ones that come
automatically online?
Hey, it's not fraud.
It's time-saving.
And we use our own
cybersecurity program ourselves.
Yes, we do.
Oh, my God.
Their system is so insecure
that someone could hack in
and install a bot.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is, Dino.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe it is.
Never mind all this.
What does this have to do
with Adrian?
He's missing.
He isn't.
He's been taking money
out of his account.
What account?
We have a few accounts set up
for our more reliable players,
you know, in case an opportunity
pops up and we're not available.
I noticed Adrian was taking
money out of his account.
I figured he was
playing a cash game.
I'm not sure where,
but these are his withdrawals.
See?
Cynthia: Certain inconsistencies
keep coming up
with regard to Detective Sanchez
and how his co-workers
see his recent behavior.
After what happened
last week, do you think
he has successfully learned
to manage his anger issues,
or has he
turned them inward?
Is he, in your opinion,
self-destructive?
Would you be asking these
questions if Julio were a woman?
I'm sorry?
Well, since he's a man,
you need to figure out
if his actions on the job
make him less stable.
If a woman had done
what Julio did,
wouldn't you think
she was super tough?
I make co-worker inquiries
about women, too,
and I treat everyone the same.
I'm just --
And I don't want kids,
at all -- mine or other people's
or yours -- so maybe some of
your gender assumptions
need an update.
Okay, let's just talk about
Detective Sanchez's
behavior last week.
Yes, let's, because Julio
would take a bullet for me
or anyone else who worked here
without thinking.
And what does that count for
in your analysis,
a willingness
to sacrifice for others?
A lot, but so does
self-control.
Julio looked straight
into the eyes
of one of the worst murderers
with whom we have ever dealt,
and he didn't blink,
so in my humble opinion,
I think he exercised
remarkable self-control
[sighs]
like I am with you.
Okay. These cash withdrawals
from Adrian's shared account
with his backers
are all pretty small,
specifically from
SoCal-area casinos.
Casinos? So it wouldn't raise
alarms with the Koteros?
Casino ATMs
don't have cameras.
But the casino has a lot of
overhead views of the floor.
We have security video
from Golden Harbor,
site of Adrian's
last withdrawal.
Tao: All right,
here's the sequence
that matches the time stamp
on the ATM receipt.
That's it?
Hang on.
There's a camera near
the entrance
that catches him
a little better.
Tao: Watch this.
It happened really quick.
There.
It looks like Adrian in his
Darth Silva poker getup.
Except I got a text
from Dr. Morales.
DNA from Adrian's hair brush
matches our chopped-up body.
So, who is this young man
in the hoodie and sunglasses?
♪♪
Cynthia:
Sorry if this necessary inquiry
has made you uncomfortable.
No, I-I get it.
Single guy looking to foster.
You got to make sure
I'm not some creep, ma'am.
[ Chuckles ] Well, I used my
"not some creep" stamp on you,
so I think
you're good there.
And, generally, everyone has
really positive things
to say about you, Julio.
On any other day,
you might be good here,
but unfortunately,
this isn't any other day...
Yes, ma'am.
...because of what happened
last week.
Mm-hmm?
Your colleagues either
weren't at the incident
or they won't
talk about it.
In order to move forward,
I need to know what happened.
Okay.
Uh, sure.
Truth is, we spent days
trying to I.D. the body
and figure out how
this guy was dead in a barbecue
and still alive on Facebook.
And when we found
the murderer,
we still couldn't see what
he looked like because of the...
Sunglasses?
Why are they so important?
They're extremely expensive,
Julio.
They're Oliver Peoples.
Flynn: Guess what -- a purchase
of Oliver Peoples sunglasses
was made using Adrian's
credit card
three weeks ago
from his computer
while the chainsaw
was being shipped.
Buzz, can we see
the video again
from our interview
with Adrian's PR team?
All we need to do...
...was to put those sunglasses
in the killer's hand.
How did you do that?
Killer did it for us,
ma'am.
Okay. There they are
in front of Dax and Glen.
I don't think
they told us everything.
I like the fact that
Glen and Adrian
went to Stanford
at the same time,
and both majored
in computer science.
Means Glen had the know-how
to hack into the Koteros.
Were Glen and Adrian
friends on the Facebook?
Yes, but it was
kind of one-sided.
Adrian only ever liked
one of Glen's posts,
and Glen liked everything
Adrian posted
for the past year until,
guess when?
Just under four weeks ago.
The same day
Adrian paid $5,000
for Social Public Service
to do his PR.
Okay, it's Saturday --
best bet is Glen is at home.
Where does he live?
An apartment
in Baldwin Hills.
Oh, right across
from Kenneth Hahn park.
Good call, Andy.
Okay.
Here's what we're gonna do.
Sanchez: Captain Raydor led
a team to Glen's apartment.
404.
This is it.
[ Knock on door ]
L.A.P.D.!
The story that we had developed
about how the murder
might've happened
only made more sense
after we talked
to Glen's boss.
I can't take credit
for our deal with Adrian.
That was all Glen.
He said they were buds,
he wanted to pitch him a loan,
he went to Adrian's house,
signed him right in the room.
To be honest,
Glen needed it.
We're, uh -- We're letting go
of a lot of our junior accounts,
people who haven't been
producing results.
Adrian saved Glen's job.
-Clear!
Tao: Clear!
No sign of Glen, but there's a
pile of electronics in that room
that match the purchases
on Adrian's credit card.
Okay, everyone. Let's get out of
here quick, before he gets home.
And that's when
Glen showed up.
[ Bell dings ]
He's gonna see
the doorjamb's been busted
once he gets up close.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Buzz, go back downstairs.
[ Bell dings ]
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Pirig: Look, uh, I'd love
to help you guys out,
but I have a client meeting
in a few minutes,
but, uh, we can talk after.
Hey, speak of the devil.
Lieutenant.
Provenza: Sanchez.
Sanchez!
Don't you do anything stupid!
So, you chased him
by yourself.
Well, yes.
Lieutenant Provenza,
he doesn't run, ma'am.
Hey!
North on Spring!
North on Spring at Fifth!
Julio, wait for me!
I'll pick you up.
[ Horn honks ]
Julio? Julio!
Officers need help.
One detective in foot pursuit
of male murder suspect,
headed north
on Spring from Fifth.
[ Screams ]
[ Panting, grunting ]
[ Screaming ]
Okay. Okay, okay.
Hang on. Hang on.
Let's talk.
Glen, this isn't you.
You don't want to die today,
and you don't want
anyone else to die.
[ Police radio chatter ]
I'm not going to jail.
Well, you're not shooting
your way out of this,
and you're not hurting
an innocent girl.
I will. I'll kill her right now
if you don't back off.
Back off!
I said back off!
Cynthia: And at that point,
what were you thinking?
I don't know.
Something like, "Oh, shit."
That's when
training kicks in.
You think about
your surroundings --
exit points,
bystanders...
Please!
...the hostage.
And then?
Then I had
to make a decision.
Julio. Julio, do not put
your weapon away.
It's okay, Lieutenant.
We're good. We're good, sir.
You never met him, never even
been in the same room as him.
How could you know
who he was?
Same way you're
learning about me, ma'am.
I investigated him.
Hey. You didn't mean
to hit Adrian.
That was an accident,
and you were sorry.
You turned down
Adrian's photos, Glen,
so you didn't have to
see his face.
And you drank a lot of vodka
trying to get over it.
Hey.
You even left food behind
for the cat.
Real killers
don't do that.
Listen,
bad things happen,
but that doesn't make you
a bad person.
You're not a bad person, Glen,
are you?
Are you?
[ Breathing heavily ]
I'm sorry.
[ Handcuffs click ]
Julio.
Cynthia: What did
Lieutenant Provenza say?
[ Snorts ]
He called me crazy.
Do you agree with that?
No, ma'am.
Lieutenant Provenza thinks
everyone's crazy except him.
There was no point
where you thought,
"This guy might kill me."
I have worries
about your judgment.
There were civilians
everywhere,
a hostage,
another officer.
You can come back here every day
from now until I retire,
and I will always say,
under the circumstances,
I made the right decision.
And...
if you let me...
that's what
I will try to do with a kid.
I mean...try to make
the right decisions.
This -- This is probably my only
chance to be a father,
and...
...I will try very hard
to be a good one,
if you give me
the opportunity.
♪♪
[ Knock on door ]
Hel--
Cynthia, I'm a little surprised
to still see you here.
On my way out.
I just have
one more issue, really.
And that is?
If Detective Sanchez
violated one policy,
will he violate another,
and where would that leave
a child in his custody?
Policies are guidelines,
Cynthia.
They're not rules.
They're not laws.
And, believe it or not,
some criminals don't fit
into guidelines.
But he's still
under review.
What?
The board
of police commissioners
has reached their decision.
We can tell her now.
Cynthia, um, Detective Sanchez
was not under review
for violation of policy.
It was to see if
his actions qualified him
to receive the L.A.P.D.'s
Medal of Valor.
For risking his life
to save others.
So, even though
the original investigators
have never, ever been able
to get a suspect I.D.
from the partials left
at your father and uncle's
murders, you can.
Maybe. I can show you
more easily in the RACR room.
Come on.
Provenza:
It's okay, Julio.
I'm sure it's gonna
work out your way,
despite my best efforts to keep
you from ruining your life.
I don't know, sir.
She was skeptical.
Hey, uh, Buzz,
could you -- could you hold on
for just a second?
Sure.
Okay, thanks.
[ Door opens ]
Hey.
Hey, Cynthia?
Oh, Mr. Beck.
How are you?
Uh, is,
uh, Detective Sanchez
gonna get approved
to have a kid someday?
[ Scoffs ] I see you haven't
gotten any less direct.
Yeah, well, look.
I-I just want to let you know
that he is a really, really
great guy.
He's tough
but in the right way.
How so?
Look, when I first met you,
I didn't trust anyone,
and I was really angry,
and letting go of that anger
was the hardest thing
that I have ever had to do,
and Julio understands that
better than anyone.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
And, you know,
to some lucky kid,
he would mean a-a shower
and a place to eat and shelter
and clean clothes
and, most importantly,
someone they can trust.
And do you really think
that a homeless child
would be better off living
on the street than with Julio?
That's a good point,
Mr. Beck.
You make
a very good point.
It's great seeing you.
Take care.